we're taking some of the traditional
components from our cocoa chocolate or
greasy chocolate as we would say a
little bit of spice with a little bit of
heat and a little bit of Indian
influence because of our tamarind sauce
to follow and the fish of course is king
fish so the first thing we've got of
course is cocoa powder and you want a
couple of teaspoons of this is that
right
so we'll just pop a couple of those in
there's one two of those and the same
quantity of turmeric correct so two of
turmeric I think we've also got a couple
of KM as well haven't we little bit too
mean this for me I've got to say listen
when we talk about little bits of meat
I know you do a little bit is a pinch
you know and you took a little bit of
heat is two teaspoons so and here I
think we've got like an onion power
there isn't it and I notice here we've
got fresh garlic so we look like a
couple of cloves perhaps fresh nutmeg
nicely grated you can see that they are
and I think we want about marinate
server and likewise with the cinnamon
correct beautiful smelling some of those
flavors already we can and this I found
you know quite sort of shocking you know
that the quantity of sugar it's gonna
contrast with some of the spice notice
coming from the Cayenne just sort of
balance that sugar that's exactly what
you're doing so that sweetness when cut
away from that strength of clay and I'm
moaning about mix the lot together
do you know amongst all of those the
cocoa has not been lost it's quite
predominant yes oh you can really smell
that I mean that is wonderful that cocoa
behind it imagine that and with the
sugar lovely little chocolaty bite at
the end it's wonderful isn't it so we've
got the fish should we be quite liberal
here that's been liberal okay so now you
can see sprinkling this on top of the
fish like that how about that looks nice
and we can just Pat it on there a little
bit is that okay and we'll do the same
on this one
it was interesting actually because I
was you know making a dish it was pork
you know with the coffee on there and I
sort of thought you know it could be
just a touch stronger I wanted a bit
more robust no holding back here is
there no holding back here so you've
seen so far how easy it is it's just all
of those dry ingredients with that
little touch of fresh garlic added to it
as well all just across the fish this is
now going to go into the pan with the
oil
it couldn't be a simpler dish could it
let's just pop that in like that
all these are going to need now is just
a few minutes to lightly fry in the pan
you